we're here at the 2010 shacho we're at
the Corbin booth with a good friend of
mine Clint Smith and we've been doing
the yeah the DPX line of ammo into
Thunder ranch boxes for the last three
years it's been going good very well for
us it was successfully doing and we was
recently nominated for ammunition of the
year which is fantastic a really good
component and we like it from the
school's perspective because all their
stuff of course is high-quality and guy
goes it sounds like a sales pitch yep
you're right
that's exactly right we want it to be
the best that we could get and that's
why we went with Corbin and their
relationship is a long one over many
years and then we got the opportunity to
build this ammunition and put it in our
packaging and then that's always helpful
so they've been really good at
developing the product with us so myself
and Clint met quite a few years back we
were looking obviously for some good
training and we looked up Clint Smith
with his reputation and we've done quite
a few different training classes with
Clint and enjoyed it and it would just
kind of grew from there our friendship
kind of done defensive firearms that's
what the school specializes in and then
the junior and dad both came so we've
like established that relationship and
then the ammunition was just basically
sort of grew out of that relationship
where they developed it our facility an
Oregon Thunder ranch is actually a green
facility by that I mean we shoot
frangible lead-free ammunition well then
on top of it besides being a really good
defensive load what's happened is the
DPX load that we make falls on that
criteria because there's no heavy metals
in it so we can shoot the copper and
we're not causing any problems and a lot
of that is political correctness and
bullcrap everybody knows that but at the
same time it's still our facilities so
we opted to do that so that way we could
sort of preempt that argument before it
started where someone goes hey you know
you're like polluting no actually we're
not
and the DPX is not only won a really
serviceable load but it fulfills that
criteria and that's the reason that we
help that was one of the thing
helped us pick that process yep exactly
I think that DPX load has been really
successful for the school and you know
bluntly I only do like 400 people a year
so it's not like you know I'm doing
4,000 people but the product line is
still accepted well and then we look
forward to in the future making a small
caliber rifle line probably like in two
to three and using that same components
so that we can have the lead free thing
kind of going for us and still you could
actually shoot it in fulfil that
criteria but still have a really good
defensive load so that's some day we
look forward to probably even can go up
into the 308 caliber so that's something
that we look forward to in the future
and I think that'd make a great addition
within the family